# PhoneBuzz
A Sinatra app using Ruby, TwiML, and PostgreSQL database to play FizzBuzz over the phone.
<br />
https://phonebuzz-1.herokuapp.com/

##Setup
To run this project locally, download the files and set three environment variables. Navigate to the root of the folder in terminal and type `touch .env`.

Open the .env file and enter the following below. Replace all characters after the `=` with your own Twilio account credentials.

```ruby
TWILIO_ACCOUNT_SID=ACXXXXXXXXX
TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN=XXXXXXXXX
TWILIO_NUMBER=+13478365066
```
In terminal, run `bundle install` to download the required dependencies. Type `ruby app.rb` to run the Sinatra app. Open another terminal window, type `ngrok http 4567` and then copy the fowarding url generated with the `ngrok.io` ending. This will expose the local web server to the internet.

Go back to `app.rb` file and underneath `post '/call' do` and `get '/replay/:phone/:delay/:fizzbuzz' do`, there is a `:url` parameter. After the `=>`, replace all instances of https://phonebuzz-1.herokuapp.com with your own ngrok.io url (example: http://07fca444.ngrok.io/phonebuzz).

##Phase 1: Simple TwiML PhoneBuzz
Direct your Twilio phone number to https://phonebuzz-1.herokuapp.com/phase1 (or the url generated by ngrok if you are running locally) and use HTTP GET request type under the Voice section. Call my demo Twilio number at +1 (347) 836-5066. A voice prompt will ask you to input a number between 1-99, followed by the '#' symbol.

##Phase 2: Dialing PhoneBuzz
Enter your phone number in the text field to receive a new call from my Twilio number. Since this is a demo account, your number might be whitelisted and not called unless you are using your own credentials. Leave the second text field with its default value of 0 seconds.

##Phase 3: Delayed PhoneBuzz
Same instructions as in Phase 2 but this time, you can add a custom delay (in seconds) to when the Twilio number will call you.

##Phase 4: Tracking PhoneBuzz
The history section contains the last 10 calls made from this Twilio Number. The table contains a timestamp of when the calls were made, the number called, what the delay was, and the fizzbuzz number entered by the user. There is also an option to replay a call, with the original fizzbuzz number entered. A new window will pop up with the request but do not close it until the call is received or else the call will not go through. If a call ended before a fizzbuzz number was entered, the default fizzbuzz number is 0 and the user will be directed to enter a new number.

Happy FizzBuzzing!
